New contribute pages + other changes (#40)
elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit: contribute/editors_checklist.md

3. The contributors' names are listed in the [CONTRIBUTORS file](https://github.com/elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit/blob/main/_data/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml), in the same branch of the PR. Advice to have at least one  contributor per page having its contact information in this  [CONTRIBUTORS file](https://github.com/elixir-europe/infectious-diseases-toolkit/blob/main/_data/CONTRIBUTORS.yaml).
4. All relevant metadata fields in a specific page are correctly filled in (see the [page metadata](/contribute/page_metadata) and the [Editorial board guide](/contribute/editorial_board_guide)). Some critical ones are listed below.
   * unique `page_id` ([Website overview](/contribute/website_overview))
   * `contributors`
   * `related_pages` ([Related pages](/contribute/editorial_board_guide.html#related-pages))
   * `training`
   * `search_exclude` must be deleted
   * `description`
   * `affiliation`
   * `coordinators`(only used in national pages + they must be listed as `contributors` as well)
   * `resources`

> 5. Items in the "[Tools and resources spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13tqfSbgivokfEkxGXPRFShVhCmO4VuTQRe4uQgJOMbc)" are tagged with already existing (merged) `page_id` from "Your role, Your domain, Your tasks, Tool assembly" and that Bert has been informed of the changes.

Author: oh I changed it in other pages to:

```
(human_biomolecular_data, human_clinical_and_health_data, contribute, social_and_economic_impact, ...)
```

> 5. Items in the "[Tools and resources spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13tqfSbgivokfEkxGXPRFShVhCmO4VuTQRe4uQgJOMbc)" are tagged with already existing (merged) `page_id` from "Your role, Your domain, Your tasks, Tool assembly" and that Bert has been informed of the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Items in the "[Tools and resources spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13tqfSbgivokfEkxGXPRFShVhCmO4VuTQRe4uQgJOMbc)" are tagged with already existing (merged) `page_id` from "Pathogen characterisation, Social and economic impact, Human biomolecular data, Human clinical and health data, Showcase" and that Bert has been informed of the changes.
```

> 6. The content is conform to Infectious Diseases Toolkit scope, [style](/contribute/style_guide) and templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The content is within the scope of the Infectious Diseases Toolkit scope, [style](/contribute/style_guide) and conforms to the appropriate templates.
```
